What is it guys and welcome.
So in this video we're going to be working up with our footer section.
OK so you have two options for footer if you want to go ahead.
You can in and create it with elementary and you can either create it.
But I would recommend you to go with the default function of the ocean.
You do not go with the elementary because you can not assign this element to every pages.
OK so now here we're going to be raking up this elementary I'm going to go to the customized right here
and there are going to go to the for column.
OK.
And then we're going to work with it.
So let's wait.
OK.
And here you can see that we basically first removed that for when we were creating our website if I
just show it to you.
NZL dot com you can see that in this website.
We removed this whole For didn't add any.
After the race here we can see OK.
So what I want to do right now I want to add the footer right here because this is the blog in I think
it is recommended for me to outfitter.
So I'm just going to come here to the footer where I can just style everything.
You can see in the form of a can style lead if I want to disable on height on mobile and other devices
I can also do that.
And then we have the parallax effect here so you can also add a parallax effect to your foot or if you
want to play.
You can see how this footer is coming.
This page is going above and this footer is still behind this.
You can see this effect is called the parallax effect.
OK so I'm not going to answer any of the parallax effect.
You think normal looks fine.
So this is how the normal what's OK if you can also move on with the columns that how many columns you
want to add.
So I'll be just adding the for column.
I think we have the container.
I will be adding the container.
And then let's go back to the fidgets right here.
So here we want to add the Vidyut OK.
I'm going to go to the for one right here.
I'm going to hit out of it and let's decide the fate that we want to add.
So first of all I want to add the About section.
OK.
I want to go to the custom made here mail order text.
For text OK.
And here we go.
This is right here.
I want to add here about us.
OK.
And here I want to add about me or about this block.
OK so I'll be adding blue collar is
the best tech blog Sorry tech blog is the first ever technology blog.
And I just want to copy it.
Cuppy and paste.
OK now you can see that here should be the content tray here.
You can see in today's tech blog is the first ever technology blog.
And here is about a section so I want to add one more.
In a foot or two.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and here should be
the category so you can show the categories if you want to or you can show some recent boast as Bob
OK.
I'm going to add the recent post right here and here we go you can see it going also show you the number
how many posts you want to add.
OK.
And the title is going to be recent boast recent posts would be three of the three post right here.
And then we have the both supposed it's going to show the post.
You can also show you my library.
OK.
I'm going to go to the post right here.
And then we have Querrey by taxonomy so you can also show category here.
OK.
If we select category you can see three categories are going to appear right here.
So you can enter the terms to create like this so you can select the terms.
OK so if I just add I guess it's going to show me all the post that has the category assigned as the
Iowas.
OK.
So you can also carry it by the category.
You can carry it by tag.
So if I just add the tag to be amazing then it's going to show you all the post that has the category.
Amazing that has a text amazing.
So you can see this Dagh is only assigned to this.
That is why this post is coming so this is outrageous.
OK.
I'm just going to go to the No because I want to show recent post.
And then we have to push Ray here.
The autre is descending because I want to show the recent post and then we have the order by date so
you can order it by randomly.
You can also show some random polls.
You can also show some modified polls that were recently modified.
And then just basically one and the recent polls right here.
OK I'm going to go back right here and I want to go to the for three and let's add one more.
So for this I think I should be adding the list of all the pages that that that my web site has.
So it's going to sort by pages you can also go with the page I.D. page order and you can see all pages.
OK.
I'm going to go back and I'm going to move to the for a here and in here you can add that what you say
is a MailChimp OK display MailChimp subscription form.
So it's going to show the MailChimp subscription form right here.
OK.
Here should be the newsletter should be get all that list.
And here would be the million bucks.
So we will be eating with this MailChimp later on.
There will be an e-mail marketing section for this.
OK.
So don't worry.
And then we'll move on.
So you have to put good in bed and everything and you can see this is how it is coming right here.
So now what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right here so you
can see we are also done with the footer.
We're also done with this and now we're going to get this right here.
I'm going to go back.
I'm going to go back and then I'm going to go to the foot foot of the bottom.
And here I want to add something.
So copy right.
Complete Triple P course com 2017.
OK.
And what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish have a go.
So if you want to add the copyright on what you can do you can add and then see O.P. way then you have
to enter the same column.
OK.
And then you can remove it.
There we go.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish so you can see this is how our blog pages.
And now we're totally done with the home page.
In the next video we'll be working bit about pace in the.
And the contact us page because we want to make sure that our whole blog looks amazing.
So thanks guys for watching this.
And goodbye.